website/docs/BasicInterfaces/AwaitedDOM.md, before:

# AwaitedDOM

> The AwaitedDOM is a NodeJs implementation of W3C's DOM specification that makes it easy to call properties and methods located in a remote browser engine as if they were local to your scraper script context.

## What Properties and Methods Can I Use?

<div>
  <input type="text" placeholder="Search any DOM property, method, or interface..." />
</div>

## Introducing Supers

Supers give you access to all properties and methods of dependent classes.

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [SuperDocument](/docs/awaited-dom/super-document) | [SuperElement](/docs/awaited-dom/super-element)
[SuperHTMLCollection](/docs/awaited-dom/super-html-collection) | [SuperHTMLElement](/docs/awaited-dom/super-html-element)
[SuperNode](/docs/awaited-dom/super-node) | [SuperNodeList](/docs/awaited-dom/super-node-list)
[SuperStyleSheet](/docs/awaited-dom/super-style-sheet) | [SuperText](/docs/awaited-dom/super-text) | 


## Document Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [Document](/docs/awaited-dom/document) | [DocumentFragment](/docs/awaited-dom/document-fragment)
[HTMLDocument](/docs/awaited-dom/html-document) | [XMLDocument](/docs/awaited-dom/xml-document)
[XPathEvaluator](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-evaluator) |  | 


## Node Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [Comment](/docs/awaited-dom/comment) | [Element](/docs/awaited-dom/element)
[Node](/docs/awaited-dom/node) | [Text](/docs/awaited-dom/text) | 


## HTML Elements

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [HTMLAnchorElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-anchor-element) | [HTMLAreaElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-area-element)
[HTMLAudioElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-audio-element) | [HTMLBRElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlbr-element)
[HTMLBaseElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-base-element) | [HTMLBodyElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-body-element)
[HTMLButtonElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-button-element) | [HTMLCanvasElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-canvas-element)
[HTMLDListElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmld-list-element) | [HTMLDataElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-data-element)
[HTMLDataListElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-data-list-element) | [HTMLDetailsElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-details-element)
[HTMLDialogElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-dialog-element) | [HTMLDirectoryElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-directory-element)
[HTMLDivElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-div-element) | [HTMLElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-element)
[HTMLEmbedElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-embed-element) | [HTMLFieldSetElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-field-set-element)
[HTMLFontElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-font-element) | [HTMLFormElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-form-element)
[HTMLFrameElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-frame-element) | [HTMLFrameSetElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-frame-set-element)
[HTMLHRElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlhr-element) | [HTMLHeadElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-head-element)
[HTMLHeadingElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-heading-element) | [HTMLHtmlElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-html-element)
[HTMLIFrameElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmli-frame-element) | [HTMLImageElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-image-element)
[HTMLInputElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-input-element) | [HTMLLIElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlli-element)
[HTMLLabelElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-label-element) | [HTMLLegendElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-legend-element)
[HTMLLinkElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-link-element) | [HTMLMapElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-map-element)
[HTMLMarqueeElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-marquee-element) | [HTMLMediaElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-media-element)
[HTMLMenuElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-menu-element) | [HTMLMetaElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-meta-element)
[HTMLMeterElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-meter-element) | [HTMLModElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-mod-element)
[HTMLOListElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlo-list-element) | [HTMLObjectElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-object-element)
[HTMLOptGroupElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-opt-group-element) | [HTMLOptionElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-option-element)
[HTMLOutputElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-output-element) | [HTMLParagraphElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-paragraph-element)
[HTMLParamElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-param-element) | [HTMLPictureElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-picture-element)
[HTMLPreElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-pre-element) | [HTMLProgressElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-progress-element)
[HTMLQuoteElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-quote-element) | [HTMLScriptElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-script-element)
[HTMLSelectElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-select-element) | [HTMLSlotElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-slot-element)
[HTMLSourceElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-source-element) | [HTMLSpanElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-span-element)
[HTMLStyleElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-style-element) | [HTMLTableCaptionElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-caption-element)
[HTMLTableCellElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-cell-element) | [HTMLTableColElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-col-element)
[HTMLTableElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-element) | [HTMLTableRowElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-row-element)
[HTMLTableSectionElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-section-element) | [HTMLTemplateElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-template-element)
[HTMLTextAreaElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-text-area-element) | [HTMLTimeElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-time-element)
[HTMLTitleElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-title-element) | [HTMLTrackElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-track-element)
[HTMLUListElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlu-list-element) | [HTMLUnknownElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-unknown-element)
[HTMLVideoElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-video-element) |  | 


## SVG Elements

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [SVGElement](/docs/awaited-dom/svg-element) | [SVGGraphicsElement](/docs/awaited-dom/svg-graphics-element)
[SVGSVGElement](/docs/awaited-dom/svgsvg-element) | [SVGTitleElement](/docs/awaited-dom/svg-title-element) | 


## Array-like Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [HTMLCollection](/docs/awaited-dom/html-collection) | [HTMLOptionsCollection](/docs/awaited-dom/html-options-collection)
[NodeList](/docs/awaited-dom/node-list) | [RadioNodeList](/docs/awaited-dom/radio-node-list) | 


## XPath Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [XPathEvaluator](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-evaluator) | [XPathEvaluatorBase](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-evaluator-base)
[XPathExpression](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-expression) | [XPathNSResolver](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-ns-resolver)
[XPathResult](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-result) |  | 


## Miscellaneous Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [Attr](/docs/awaited-dom/attr) | [CharacterData](/docs/awaited-dom/character-data)
[EventTarget](/docs/awaited-dom/event-target) | [Request](/docs/awaited-dom/request)
[Response](/docs/awaited-dom/response) | [Storage](/docs/awaited-dom/storage) |

Commit message:

feat(core): add getComputedStyles to tab
chore(website): improve awaited dom deep link documentation

website/docs/BasicInterfaces/AwaitedDOM.md, after:

# AwaitedDOM

> The AwaitedDOM is a NodeJs implementation of W3C's DOM specification that makes it easy to call properties and methods located in a remote browser engine as if they were local to your scraper script context.

## What Properties and Methods Can I Use?

Many readonly properties and methods have been implemented. We haven't added DOM manipulation APIs because we believe they are easy to detect by the website. We recommend performing actions as a human as much as possible (click, type, move the mouse, etc).

On each documented class, you can find a list of the unimplemented methods and properties at the bottom.

## Introducing Supers

Supers give you access to all properties and methods of dependent classes.

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [SuperDocument](/docs/awaited-dom/super-document) | [SuperElement](/docs/awaited-dom/super-element)
[SuperHTMLCollection](/docs/awaited-dom/super-html-collection) | [SuperHTMLElement](/docs/awaited-dom/super-html-element)
[SuperNode](/docs/awaited-dom/super-node) | [SuperNodeList](/docs/awaited-dom/super-node-list)
[SuperStyleSheet](/docs/awaited-dom/super-style-sheet) | [SuperText](/docs/awaited-dom/super-text) | 


## Document Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [Document](/docs/awaited-dom/document) | [DocumentFragment](/docs/awaited-dom/document-fragment)
[HTMLDocument](/docs/awaited-dom/html-document) | [XMLDocument](/docs/awaited-dom/xml-document)
[XPathEvaluator](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-evaluator) |  | 


## Node Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [Comment](/docs/awaited-dom/comment) | [Element](/docs/awaited-dom/element)
[Node](/docs/awaited-dom/node) | [Text](/docs/awaited-dom/text) | 


## HTML Elements

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [HTMLAnchorElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-anchor-element) | [HTMLAreaElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-area-element)
[HTMLAudioElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-audio-element) | [HTMLBRElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlbr-element)
[HTMLBaseElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-base-element) | [HTMLBodyElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-body-element)
[HTMLButtonElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-button-element) | [HTMLCanvasElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-canvas-element)
[HTMLDListElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmld-list-element) | [HTMLDataElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-data-element)
[HTMLDataListElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-data-list-element) | [HTMLDetailsElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-details-element)
[HTMLDialogElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-dialog-element) | [HTMLDivElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-div-element)
[HTMLElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-element) | [HTMLEmbedElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-embed-element)
[HTMLFieldSetElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-field-set-element) | [HTMLFontElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-font-element)
[HTMLFormElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-form-element) | [HTMLFrameSetElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-frame-set-element)
[HTMLHRElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlhr-element) | [HTMLHeadElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-head-element)
[HTMLHeadingElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-heading-element) | [HTMLHtmlElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-html-element)
[HTMLIFrameElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmli-frame-element) | [HTMLImageElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-image-element)
[HTMLInputElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-input-element) | [HTMLLIElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlli-element)
[HTMLLabelElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-label-element) | [HTMLLegendElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-legend-element)
[HTMLLinkElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-link-element) | [HTMLMapElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-map-element)
[HTMLMarqueeElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-marquee-element) | [HTMLMediaElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-media-element)
[HTMLMenuElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-menu-element) | [HTMLMetaElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-meta-element)
[HTMLMeterElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-meter-element) | [HTMLModElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-mod-element)
[HTMLOListElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlo-list-element) | [HTMLObjectElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-object-element)
[HTMLOptGroupElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-opt-group-element) | [HTMLOptionElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-option-element)
[HTMLOutputElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-output-element) | [HTMLParagraphElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-paragraph-element)
[HTMLParamElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-param-element) | [HTMLPictureElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-picture-element)
[HTMLPreElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-pre-element) | [HTMLProgressElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-progress-element)
[HTMLQuoteElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-quote-element) | [HTMLScriptElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-script-element)
[HTMLSelectElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-select-element) | [HTMLSlotElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-slot-element)
[HTMLSourceElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-source-element) | [HTMLSpanElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-span-element)
[HTMLStyleElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-style-element) | [HTMLTableCaptionElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-caption-element)
[HTMLTableCellElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-cell-element) | [HTMLTableColElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-col-element)
[HTMLTableElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-element) | [HTMLTableRowElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-row-element)
[HTMLTableSectionElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-table-section-element) | [HTMLTemplateElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-template-element)
[HTMLTextAreaElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-text-area-element) | [HTMLTimeElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-time-element)
[HTMLTitleElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-title-element) | [HTMLTrackElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-track-element)
[HTMLUListElement](/docs/awaited-dom/htmlu-list-element) | [HTMLUnknownElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-unknown-element)
[HTMLVideoElement](/docs/awaited-dom/html-video-element) |  | 


## SVG Elements

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [SVGElement](/docs/awaited-dom/svg-element) | [SVGGraphicsElement](/docs/awaited-dom/svg-graphics-element)
[SVGSVGElement](/docs/awaited-dom/svgsvg-element) | [SVGTitleElement](/docs/awaited-dom/svg-title-element) | 


## Array-like Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [HTMLCollection](/docs/awaited-dom/html-collection) | [HTMLOptionsCollection](/docs/awaited-dom/html-options-collection)
[NodeList](/docs/awaited-dom/node-list) | [RadioNodeList](/docs/awaited-dom/radio-node-list) | 


## XPath Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [XPathEvaluator](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-evaluator) | [XPathEvaluatorBase](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-evaluator-base)
[XPathExpression](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-expression) | [XPathNSResolver](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-ns-resolver)
[XPathResult](/docs/awaited-dom/x-path-result) |  | 


## Miscellaneous Interfaces

 |   |   | 
 | --- | --- | 
 | [Attr](/docs/awaited-dom/attr) | [CharacterData](/docs/awaited-dom/character-data)
[EventTarget](/docs/awaited-dom/event-target) | [Request](/docs/awaited-dom/request)
[Response](/docs/awaited-dom/response) | [Storage](/docs/awaited-dom/storage) |
