website/docs/Contribute/how-to-contribute.md, before:

# How to contribute
> SecretAgent is an open-source project built by core maintainers and contributors. We want to make it easy for anyone to participate. Contribute to core, build plugins, improve documentation or write a blog post. It all helps SecretAgent on its mission to keep the web open for innovation.

Read the [code of conduct](/docs/contribute/code-of-conduct).

## Contributing to the Code
SecretAgent uses a **monorepo** pattern to manage its dependencies and core plugins. To contribute, you'll probably want to to setup the SecretAgent repository locally.


### Setting Up the SecretAgent Repository

Install [Node.js 8.3](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) or higher and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/).

1. Clone the `https://github.com/ulixee/secret-agent.git` repository.

To use `@secret-agent/cli` in the repo as a global command. Enter the `~/packages/cli` folder and run `npm link`.

**Yarn** will add dependencies from your test projects to the root `yarn.lock` file. So you should not commit changes in that file unless you have added dependencies to any of the core packages. If you need to commit it, remove your projects from the `~/projects` folder temporary and run `yarn` in the root folder. Yarn will then clean up the lock file with only core dependencies. Commit the file and move your projects back and run `yarn` again to start developing.


## Contributing to the docs
We are a strong believer that documentation is very important for any open-source projects. SecretAgent uses Gridsome for its website and documentation.

1. If you want to add/modify any SecretAgent documentation, go to the
   [docs folder on GitHub](https://github.com/ulixee/secret-agent/tree/master/website/docs) and
   use the file editor to edit and then preview your changes.
2. GitHub then allows you to commit the change and raise a PR right in the UI. This is the _easiest_ way you can contribute to SecretAgent!

You can also clone [the SecretAgent repo](https://github.com/ulixee/secret-agent) and work locally on documentation.

## Contributing to the blog
*Coming soon...*

Commit message:

feat: renamed SecretAgent to Hero

website/docs/Contribute/how-to-contribute.md, after:

# How to contribute
> Hero is an open-source project built by core maintainers and contributors. We want to make it easy for anyone to participate. Contribute to core, build plugins, improve documentation or write a blog post. It all helps Hero on its mission to keep the web open for innovation.

Read the [code of conduct](/docs/contribute/code-of-conduct).

## Contributing to the Code
Hero uses a **monorepo** pattern to manage its dependencies and core plugins. To contribute, you'll probably want to to setup the Hero repository locally.


### Setting Up the Hero Repository

Install [Node.js 8.3](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) or higher and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/).

1. Clone the `https://github.com/ulixee/ulixee.git` repository.

To use `@ulixee/cli` in the repo as a global command. Enter the `~/packages/cli` folder and run `npm link`.

**Yarn** will add dependencies from your test projects to the root `yarn.lock` file. So you should not commit changes in that file unless you have added dependencies to any of the core packages. If you need to commit it, remove your projects from the `~/projects` folder temporary and run `yarn` in the root folder. Yarn will then clean up the lock file with only core dependencies. Commit the file and move your projects back and run `yarn` again to start developing.


## Contributing to the docs
We are a strong believer that documentation is very important for any open-source projects. Hero uses Gridsome for its website and documentation.

1. If you want to add/modify any Hero documentation, go to the
   [docs folder on GitHub](https://github.com/ulixee/ulixee/tree/master/website/docs) and
   use the file editor to edit and then preview your changes.
2. GitHub then allows you to commit the change and raise a PR right in the UI. This is the _easiest_ way you can contribute to Hero!

You can also clone [the Hero repo](https://github.com/ulixee/ulixee) and work locally on documentation.

## Contributing to the blog
*Coming soon...*
