website/docs/Advanced/ConnectionToCore.md, before:

# ConnectionToCore

> ConnectionToCore is a built-in mechanism to stream commands to local and remote instances of SecretAgent using the same simple interface.

When you install SecretAgent, it comes ready to run locally with a Chrome engine and client all in your local codebase. However, as you begin to scale the number of concurrent scrapes, you will end up needing to manage a fleet of "engines" running on a number of computers.

```javascript
const { Agent: BaseAgent } = require('@secret-agent/client');
const { Agent: FullAgent } = require('@secret-agent');

(async () => {
  const local = new FullAgent(); // connects to full, local installation
  const remote = new BaseAgent({
    connectionToCore: new RemoteConnectionToCore({
      host: '192.168.1.1:3444',
    }),
  });
})().catch(console.log);
```

There are 2 built-in connections in SecretAgent:

- `Default` - instantiates and connects to a locally install SecretAgent `Core`
- `RemoteConnectionToCore` - takes a host to dial over tcp. See more [here](/docs/advanced/remote)

### Configuration {#configuration}

When you provide a connectionToCore to a [Handler](/docs/basic-interfaces/handler) or [Agent](/docs/basic-interfaces/agent), SecretAgent will accept either an `options` object or a `RemoteConnectionToCore` instance.

The following methods allow you to configure the `connectionToCore`

- [agent.configure()](/docs/basic-interfaces/agent#configure) - apply the connection to the default agent, or to a an agent constructed prior to the first connection.
- [new Agent()](/docs/basic-interfaces/agent#constructor) - the new agent will use this connection.
- [new Handler(...connections)](/docs/basic-interfaces/handler#constructor) - a handler takes one or more coreClientConnection options or instances.

### Options {#options}

The provided settings configure the connection to `Core`. Note: some configurations will apply to all connected Agents and Handlers (`localProxyPortStart`, `sessionsDir`, `replayServerPort`).

- options `object`. A set of settings that controls the creation of a "connection" to a `SecretAgent Core`.
  - host `string`. An optional `hostname:port` url that will be used to establish a connection to a SecretAgent Core running on another machine. If no host is provided, a connection to a "locally" running `Core` will be attempted.
  - maxConcurrency `number`. The max number of Agents to allow to be dispatched and created at the same time. Agents are "active" until the dispatchAgent callback is complete, or the created Agent is closed. If not provided, this number will match the max allowed by a `Core`.
  - agentTimeoutMillis `number`. The number of milliseconds to give each Agent in this connection to complete a session. A TimeoutError will be thrown if this time is exceeded.
  - localProxyPortStart `number` defaults to `any open port`. Starting internal port to use for the mitm proxy.
  - sessionsDir `string` defaults to `os.tmpdir()/.secret-agent`. Directory to store session files and mitm certificates.
  - replayServerPort `number`. Port to start a live replay server on. Defaults to "any open port".
- connection `CoreClientConnection`. A pre-initialized connection to a `SecretAgent Core`. You can use this option to pre-check your connection to a remote connection, or to provide customization to the connection.

## Methods

### connection.connect*()* {#connect}

Initializes the connection to the specified core. You can use this function if you would like to pre-connect to your remote host and ensure connections are properly established before continuing.

NOTE: this will be automatically called when you use a Handler or Agent and pass in this connection.

#### **Returns**: `Promise`

### connection.disconnect*()* {#disconnect}

Closes the connection and stops all pending requests.

#### **Returns**: `Promise`

Commit message:

feat: renamed SecretAgent to Hero

website/docs/Advanced/ConnectionToCore.md, after:

# ConnectionToCore

> ConnectionToCore is a built-in mechanism to stream commands to local and remote instances of Hero using the same simple interface.

When you install Hero, it comes ready to run locally with a Chrome engine and client all in your local codebase. However, as you begin to scale the number of concurrent scrapes, you will end up needing to manage a fleet of "engines" running on a number of computers.

```javascript
const { Hero: BaseHero } = require('@ulixee/hero');
const { Hero: FullHero } = require('@ulixee');

(async () => {
  const local = new FullHero(); // connects to full, local installation
  const remote = new BaseHero({
    connectionToCore: new RemoteConnectionToCore({
      host: '192.168.1.1:3444',
    }),
  });
})().catch(console.log);
```

There are 2 built-in connections in Hero:

- `Default` - instantiates and connects to a locally install Hero `Core`
- `RemoteConnectionToCore` - takes a host to dial over tcp. See more [here](/docs/advanced/remote)

### Configuration {#configuration}

When you provide a connectionToCore to a [Handler](/docs/basic-interfaces/handler) or [Hero](/docs/basic-interfaces/hero), Hero will accept either an `options` object or a `RemoteConnectionToCore` instance.

The following methods allow you to configure the `connectionToCore`

- [hero.configure()](/docs/basic-interfaces/hero#configure) - apply the connection to the default hero, or to a an hero constructed prior to the first connection.
- [new Hero()](/docs/basic-interfaces/hero#constructor) - the new hero will use this connection.
- [new Handler(...connections)](/docs/basic-interfaces/handler#constructor) - a handler takes one or more coreClientConnection options or instances.

### Options {#options}

The provided settings configure the connection to `Core`. Note: some configurations will apply to all connected Heros and Handlers (`localProxyPortStart`, `sessionsDir`, `replayServerPort`).

- options `object`. A set of settings that controls the creation of a "connection" to a `Hero Core`.
  - host `string`. An optional `hostname:port` url that will be used to establish a connection to a Hero Core running on another machine. If no host is provided, a connection to a "locally" running `Core` will be attempted.
  - maxConcurrency `number`. The max number of Heros to allow to be dispatched and created at the same time. Heros are "active" until the dispatchHero callback is complete, or the created Hero is closed. If not provided, this number will match the max allowed by a `Core`.
  - heroTimeoutMillis `number`. The number of milliseconds to give each Hero in this connection to complete a session. A TimeoutError will be thrown if this time is exceeded.
  - localProxyPortStart `number` defaults to `any open port`. Starting internal port to use for the mitm proxy.
  - sessionsDir `string` defaults to `os.tmpdir()/.ulixee`. Directory to store session files and mitm certificates.
  - replayServerPort `number`. Port to start a live replay server on. Defaults to "any open port".
- connection `CoreClientConnection`. A pre-initialized connection to a `Hero Core`. You can use this option to pre-check your connection to a remote connection, or to provide customization to the connection.

## Methods

### connection.connect*()* {#connect}

Initializes the connection to the specified core. You can use this function if you would like to pre-connect to your remote host and ensure connections are properly established before continuing.

NOTE: this will be automatically called when you use a Handler or Hero and pass in this connection.

#### **Returns**: `Promise`

### connection.disconnect*()* {#disconnect}

Closes the connection and stops all pending requests.

#### **Returns**: `Promise`
