# [AwaitedDOM](/docs/hero/basic-client/awaited-dom) <span>/</span> XPathResult

<div class='overview'><span class="seoSummary">The <strong><code>XPathResult</code></strong> interface represents the results generated by evaluating an XPath expression within the context of a given node.</span> Since XPath expressions can result in a variety of result types, this interface makes it possible to determine and handle the type and value of the result.</div>

## Properties

### .booleanValue <div class="specs"><i>W3C</i></div> {#booleanValue}

A <code>boolean</code> representing the value of the result if <code>resultType</code> is <code>BOOLEAN_TYPE</code>.

#### **Type**: `Promise<boolean>`

### .invalidIteratorState <div class="specs"><i>W3C</i></div> {#invalidIteratorState}

Signifies that the iterator has become invalid. It is <code>true</code> if <code>resultType</code> is <code>UNORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE</code> or <code>ORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE</code> and the document has been modified since this result was returned.

#### **Type**: `Promise<boolean>`

### .numberValue <div class="specs"><i>W3C</i></div> {#numberValue}

A <code>number</code> representing the value of the result if <code>resultType</code> is <code>NUMBER_TYPE</code>.

#### **Type**: `Promise<number>`

### .resultType <div class="specs"><i>W3C</i></div> {#resultType}

A <code>number</code> code representing the type of the result, as defined by the type constants.

#### **Type**: `Promise<number>`

### .singleNodeValue <div class="specs"><i>W3C</i></div> {#singleNodeValue}

A <code>Node</code> representing the value of the single node result, which may be <code>null</code>.

NOTE: The returned SuperNode will behave like all AwaitedDOM SuperNodes: nothing will be retrieved until you await the node or child property.

 ```js
  await result.singleNodeResult === null; // null if not present
  await result.singleNodeResult.textContent; // gets text
 ```


#### **Type**: [`SuperNode`](/docs/hero/awaited-dom/super-node)

### .snapshotLength <div class="specs"><i>W3C</i></div> {#snapshotLength}

The number of nodes in the result snapshot.

#### **Type**: `Promise<number>`

### .stringValue <div class="specs"><i>W3C</i></div> {#stringValue}

A <code>string</code> representing the value of the result if <code>resultType</code> is <code>STRING_TYPE</code>.

#### **Type**: `Promise<string>`

## Methods

### .iterateNext *()* <div class="specs"><i>W3C</i></div> {#iterateNext}

If the result is a node set, this method iterates over it and returns the next node from it or <code>null</code> if there are no more nodes.

NOTE: The iterated SuperNodes will behave like all AwaitedDOM SuperNodes: nothing will be retrieved until you await the node or child property.

 ```js
  await result.iterateNext() === null; // null if not present
  await result.iterateNext().textContent; // gets text
 ```


#### **Returns**: [`SuperNode`](/docs/hero/awaited-dom/super-node)

### .snapshotItem *(index)* <div class="specs"><i>W3C</i></div> {#snapshotItem}

Returns an item of the snapshot collection or <code>null</code> in case the index is not within the range of nodes. Unlike the iterator result, the snapshot does not become invalid, but may not correspond to the current document if it is mutated.

#### **Arguments**:


 - index `number`. Needs content.

#### **Returns**: [`SuperNode`](/docs/hero/awaited-dom/super-node)
